Add CircleCI instructions (#209)
arangodb/docs-hugo: CIRCLECI.md

# CircleCI Workflows

## Plain build

The `plain-build` workflow is automatically triggered whenever there is a push
in a PR.
It is configured to build the docs without re-generating the examples
(using a committed cache file.)

> Used when:
> - Creating a new page
> - Editing an existing page
> - Adding a new HTTP API endpoint
> - Editing an existing HTTP API endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A plain build is sufficient for the following types of changes:
- Creating a new page or editing an existing page, as long as no code blocks with front matter (i.e. generated examples) are added or modified
- Adding a new or editing an existing HTTP API endpoint description, as long as no accompanying `` ```curl `` examples are added or modified
```

When making changes to the HTTP API descriptions (OpenAPI), it is sufficient
to use the `plain-build` workflow as it includes validation at each run.

The build report including OpenAPI syntax validation can be found in the
`generate-summary` check in GitHub.

Invoke Args:
- workflow: plain-build
- deploy-url: deploy-preview-{PR_NUMBER}

## Deploy to production a plain build

To publish a plain build to the production site hosted at https://docs.arangodb.com,
follow the steps below:

1. Go to CircleCI and select the `docs-hugo` project.
2. Select the `main` branch.
3. Click the **Trigger Pipeline** button.
4. Add the following parameter:
   - Parameter type: string
   - Name: `workflow`
   - Value: `release`
5. Click **Trigger Pipeline**.

The pipeline gets triggered, but stays on hold as it requires an approval.
Select the pipeline from the dashboard and approve the workflow.

## Example generation

The `generate` workflow can be automatically triggered from a PR.

> Used when adding or editing:
> - AQL examples
> - arangosh (JavaScript API) examples
> - curl (HTTP API) examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Necessary when adding or editing the following content:
- AQL examples (`` ```aql `` with front matter)
- arangosh (JavaScript API) examples (`` ```js `` with front matter)
- cURL HTTP API examples (`` ```curl ``)
```

2. Select the `main` branch.
3. Click the **Trigger Pipeline** button.
4. Add the parameters described below.
5. Click **Trigger Pipeline**.

**Parameters used for ArangoDB release workflow**

| Parameter type  | Name  | Value  |
|-----------------|-------|--------|
| string | workflow | release |
| string | release-type | arangodb |
| string | docs-version | 3.11 (the docs version folder) |
| string | arangodb-branch | 3.11 |
| string | arangodb-version | 3.11.4 |

The ArangoDB release workflow includes the following jobs:
- `generate` workflow (all examples are re-generated for the specified version)
- a release branch is created with the generated content, which needs to be approved and merged
- will be on hold until it is approved in CircleCI as well
- once approved, starts deploying to production at https://docs.arangodb.com

If any of the examples or generated content fails, the workflow will fail as well. 
The build report can be found in the `generate-summary` check in GitHub.

## Scheduled workflow

The `generate-scheduled` workflow is automatically triggered every Thursday.
It is configured in the CircleCI web interface at **Project Settings** > **Triggers**.

> This workflow uses predefined arguments and generates the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow uses predefined arguments and generates the data files of the following:
```

- metrics
- startup options
- error codes
- optimizer rules

Invoke Args:
- workflow: generate-scheduled
- arangodb-3_10: arangodb/enterprise-preview:3.10-nightly
- arangodb-3_11: arangodb/enterprise-preview:3.11-nightly
- arangodb-3_12: arangodb/enterprise-preview:devel-nightly
- generators: metrics error-codes optimizer options
- commit-generated: true
- create-pr: true
- pr-branch: scheduled-content-generate_$CIRCLE_BUILD_NUM

Similarly, the `generate-oasisctl` workflow is automatically triggered

> and repeats on the 5th every month. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and repeats on the 5th of every month. It generates pages about the command-line interface of the tool.
```
